Correct and expand documentation for the ImageDecoder API. (#16951)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/imagedecoder/index.md

## Properties

- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.complete")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a {{jsxref("boolean")}} indicating whether encoded data is completely buffered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a boolean value indicating whether encoded data is completely buffered.
```

It returns a boolean value `true` or `false` and not a `Boolean` wrapper object.

- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.completed")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves once `complete` is true.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.tracks")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns an {{domxref("ImageTrackList")}} object listing the available tracks and providing a method for selecting a track to decode.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.type")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMString")}} reflecting the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) configured during construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a string reflecting the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) configured during construction.
```

> ## Properties

Reviewer: On line 12, please change the incorrect `{{DefaultAPISidebar("WebCodecs API")}}` to `{{APIRef("WebCodecs API")}}`. Thank you.

Author: Resolved here and everywhere else.

- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.complete")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("boolean")}} indicating whether encoded data is completely buffered.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.completed")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves once `complete` is true.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.tracks")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns an {{domxref("ImageTrackList")}} object listing the available tracks and providing a method for selecting a track to decode.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.type")}}{{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns a {{jsxref("DOMString")}} reflecting the [mime type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) configured during construction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{jsxref("DOMString")}} reflecting the [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) configured during construction.
```

## Methods

- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.close()")}}
  - : Ends all pending work and releases system resources.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.decode()")}}
  - : Enqueues a control message to decode the frame of an image.
- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.isTypeSupported()")}}

>   - : Indicates if the provided [mime type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) is supported for unpacking and decoding.

Reviewer: Create a new separate section (`## Static methods`) for static methods.

>   - : Indicates if the provided [mime type](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Media_type) is supported for unpacking and decoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Indicates if the provided [MIME type](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Basics_of_HTTP/MIME_types) is supported for unpacking and decoding.
```

- {{domxref("ImageDecoder.reset()")}}
  - : Aborts all pending `decode()` operations.

## Examples

> Given an {{HTMLElement("canvas")}} element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a {{HTMLElement("canvas")}} element:
```
